Privacy Policy for an android app - Beautiful Minds
AutismCare Nepal Society built the Beautiful Minds app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by AutismCare Nepal Society at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Beautiful Minds unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use:
The app can be used in two modes, either by logging in with the login credentials or without the login credentials with "Guest Login". However, in both modes, the app will perform in the similar manner.
While the app is being used in Guest Login mode, no data will be shared at all.

If the user is logged in with the login credentials, please stay informed that the app will collect few information while the app is being used. However, these arenot the information related to the user at all but instead the details of the performance of the user while using the app. These include:
- The details of the scores that the user obtained while making the correct guesses in the application.
- The details of the time that the user need for the correct guesses.
However, these data will only be collected and sent if the user is online and that if the user prefers not to send this, he/she can o with guestpt for the "Guest login" mode, as mentioned earlier.

For login credentials, the user need to send certain personally identifiable information, including name, school name, address, email id at info@autismnepal.org. The registration process is detailed in the link, http://learn.autismnepal.org/login. However, these information will be collected under the consent and supervision of the parents of the children. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app is below. It is the only third party service being used and is used for analysis of the app crashes. The related privacy policy of this third party app is below.
Firebase Crashlytics (https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Protection of Children's privacy under COPPA:
1. We will provide notice directly to parents, regarding the involvement of the children with the app and that they can monitor the usage of this app with their account relating to the children. Parents can opt out of the login on behalf of their child.
2. To create the login account, parental consent is mandatory and thus will be saught and verified through identification means. Parents will be notified and saught for consent if the contents are being changed.
3. Parents can review personal information collected from their children and an email will be sent to the parents about the contents being collected for review. This will be done only after the identity of the parent is verified.
4. However, parents are allowed to revoke their consent, and delete information collected from their children at their request. When a parent revokes consent, the app will stop collecting, using or disclosing information from that child. The site may end a child’s participation in an activity on the app if the information it collected was necessary for participation in that activity.
5. The confidentiality, security, and integrity of children’s personal information will be maintained with high priority and that they won't be shared with anyone at any cost.
6. The child’s participation in certain activities on collection of more personal information than is reasonably necessary will never be done.

GDPR Data Protection Rights:
1. We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
2. The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
3. The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
4. The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
5. The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
6. The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
7. The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
8. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

This policy is effective as of 2023-05-14

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@autismnepal.org.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Website: https://autismnepal.org
Address: Harishiddhi - 29, Lalitpur, Nepal
Contact No: 01-5912554, 01-5912549

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
